    Motivation is one of the keywords in self-regulated learning and the best way naturally increase motivation is through efficacy. When learners see that their investments of time and effort result in concrete improvement, they are likely to become more motivated. According to the psychologist Heidi Halvorson (2010), motivation directly reflects the quality of the expected success:

    > people are motivated to do anything as a function of (1) how likely they are to be successful and (2) how much they think they will benefit from it. And of course the more motivated you are, the more likely you are to reach your goal. (p. 23)

**Emotion:**

On the issue of Language Learning Anxiety, Torres & Turner (2014) review that:

*"Researchers further suggest that students who experience high levels of anxiety may have difficulty acquiring a FL (Gregersen, 2003; Horwitz, et. al, 1986; Marcos-Llinás & Garau, 2009). As such, FL anxiety has been found to be negatively associated with language achievement (Awan, Azher, Anwar, & Naz, 2010; Horwitz, et. al, 1986)." (p. 86)*

To that problem, Torres & Turner (2014) suggest that "creating a low anxiety atmosphere at the onset of the semester could help ease students’ negative language learning experiences." (p. 99). 

### Self-assessment

**Growth Mindset:**

According to Halvorson (2010), "psychologists refer to the desire to get better - to develop or enhance your skills and abilities - as a mastery goal." (p. 61), and “when people run into trouble in pursuit of get-better goals, they don’t get depressed and helpless … - they take action. They ask themselves what they are doing wrong, and they fix it.” (p. 62). 

**LanguageBug** will acknowledge the difficulties of learning a foreign/second language and helping students frame their learning as a *mastery goal*, rather than a performance goal. This not only will help learners reduce their foreign language anxiety, but also frame them within a *growth mindset*, rather than a *fixed* one.

**Metacognition:**

Yang & Chen (2014) recommend that:

* "... instructors should train students to master the skills of acquiring cultural knowledge rather than only teach ‘culture as facts’, such as famous events, heroic figures. Culture is dynamic. All the knowledge of a culture is relevant to time, region, and even individuals. By only remembering facts about a culture, students cannot become good communicators with native speakers, unless they are able to update their knowledge constantly. Thus, instructors need to emphasize the skills of acquiring cultural knowledge, through a series of consistent activities" (p. 12).*

Similarly, this project does not aim to teach vocabulary, grammar, and structures to its users, but to help them learn how to acquire a foreign/second language. This approach requires metacognitive knowledge and enhances learners’ perception on their target languages. Nesbitt (2013) also state that learners should have "access to activities that help increase their strategic competence", that is, activities that help learners build such metacognitive knowledge.

Oberg & Daniels (2013) qualifies purely self-paced and independent studies, "where students fully determine their own schedule and pace" (p. 179) as naturally challenging, involving burdens on the student. On the other hand, it has also been proved that it produces high levels of cognitive engagement, meaningful connections and increased motivation (Kinzie, 1990).