---
layout: doc
title: References
---

##### Awan, R., Azher, M., Anwar, M., & Naz, A. (2010). An investigation of foreign language classroom anxiety and its relationship with students’ achievement. Journal of College Teaching & Learning, 7, 33-40.
##### Bernat, E., Gvozdenko, I. (2005). Beliefs about language learning: Current knowledge, pedagogical implications and new research directions. Retrieved from http://www.researchonline.mq.edu.au/vital/access/services/Download/mq:7446/SOURCE1
##### Diener, C. I., & Dweck, C. S. (1980). An analysis of learned helplessness: II. The processing of success. *Journal of personality and social psychology*,*39*(5), 940.
##### Dweck, C. (2006). *Mindset: The new psychology of success*. Random House.
##### Ferreira, P. (2014). Beliefs and Practices towards Teaching and Learning Grammar: A Multicase Study. *Bellaterra: journal of teaching and learning language and literature*, *7*(3), 14-29.
##### Gardner, R. C., & Lambert, W. E. (1972). *Attitudes and motivation in second language learning*. Rowley, MA: Newbury.
##### Gregersen, T. (2003). To err is human: A reminder to teachers of language-anxious students. Foreign Language Annals, 36, 25-32.
##### Gudykunst, W. B., & Kim, Y. Y. (1992). *Communicating with strangers: An approach to intercultural communication* (Vol. 19). New York: McGraw-Hill.
##### Horwitz, E., Horwitz, M., & Cope, J. (1986). Foreign language classroom anxiety. The Modern Language Journal, 70, 125-132.
##### Knowles, M. S. (1968). *Andragogy, not pedagogy*. Adult leadership, 16(10), 350-352.
##### Marcos-Llinás, M. & Garau, M. (2009). Effects of language anxiety on three proficiency-level courses of Spanish as a foreign language. Foreign Language Annals, 42, 94-111.
##### Mohamed , N. (2006). *An exploratory study of the interplay between teachers' beliefs, instructional practices & professional development* (PhD thesis). University of Auckland
##### Torres, K., & Turner, J. E. (2014). Exploring students’ foreign language anxiety, intercultural sensitivity, and perceptions of teacher effectiveness. *The Journal of Language Teaching and Learning*, *4*(1), 84-101.
##### Ward, L. (2014, November 7). Most language students unable to do more than understand basic phrases. The Guardian. Retrieved from[ http://www.theguardian.com/education/2014/nov/07/-sp-young-people-language-learning-a-level](http://www.theguardian.com/education/2014/nov/07/-sp-young-people-language-learning-a-level) 
##### Yang, X., & Chen, D. (2014). Do Instructors’ Perceptions on Teaching Culture in Foreign Language Classroom Make a Difference: Lessons from a Qualitative Study of Language Instructors and Learners. *The Journal of Language Teaching and Learning*, *4*(2), 1-14.
##### Yeager, D. S., & Dweck, C. S. (2012). Mindsets that promote resilience: When students believe that personal characteristics can be developed. *Educational Psychologist*, *47*(4), 302-314.