Motivation is one of the keywords in self-regulated learning and the best way naturally increase motivation is through efficacy. When learners see that their investments of time and effort result in concrete improvement, they are likely to become more motivated. According to the psychologist Heidi Halvorson (2010), motivation directly reflects the quality of the expected success:

people are motivated to do anything as a function of (1) how likely they are to be successful and (2) how much they think they will benefit from it. And of course the more motivated you are, the more likely you are to reach your goal. (p. 23)

In order to define their specific goals and realistic expectations, learners needs their metacognitive skills. This project intends to make its users constantly "think about thinking", that is, reflect about each use of their time in regards to their learning goals. The goal is to convince learners to adopt a growth mindset in language learning, rather than a fixed one (Dweck, 2006). Noels & Lou (2015) have noted how learning technologies may easily foster growth mindset:

Such subtle messages can also be delivered electronically, involving less time and resource commitment, and less teacher training. For instance, a study of over 250,000 Khan Academy students learning mathematical concepts online promoted a growth mindset with an onscreen header that stated, "when you learn a new kind of math problem, you grow your math brain." This intervention increased the rate at which students successfully solved math problems compared to controls, and the effect was seen for months after the message was removed from the website (p. 49)

Mindsets influence resilience (Diener & Dweck, 1980; Yeager & Dweck, 2012) and "metacognitive monitoring can beneficially impact decisions about what to study" (Winne & Azevedo, 1014, p. 71). Metacognition plus growth mindset means that the learner will be empowered to decide what to study, when to study, and for what reason. This autonomy makes learners much more thoughtful than if they were merely following instructions given by a teacher or learning platform.

In order to remain motivated, learners make informed decisions on how to proceed with language learning. When learners engage in activities that are not interesting, relevant, nor efficient, their experience may result in frustration. This is one of the "cognitive-affective barriers that reduce the amount of deliberate practice that students engage in" (Scott & Ghinea, 2014, p. 169). This project has the ultimate goal to reduce the risks of frustration in a language learning experience.